{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red219\green219\blue223;\red19\green19\blue19;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c88627\c88627\c89804;\cssrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 A full-process cafe design tool for entrepreneurs and designers. It covers core needs including store layout, functional zoning, decoration style, equipment selection, and customer group adaptation, supporting integrated planning of "commercial attributes + aesthetic design." Suitable as a promotional image for a cafe design SaaS product, with a 16:9 aspect ratio.\
\
Present a clear, 45 top-down isometric miniature 3D cartoon scene of San Francisco, featuring its most iconic landmarks and architectural elements. Use soft, refined textures with realistic PBR materials and gentle, lifelike lighting and shadows. Integrate the current weather conditions directly into the city environment to create an immersive atmospheric mood.\
Use a clean, minimalistic composition with a soft, solid-colored background. At the top-center, place the title "San Francisco" in large bold text, a prominent weather icon beneath it, then the date (small text) and temperature (medium text). All text must be centred with consistent spacing and may subtly overlap the tops of the buildings.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Create a step-by-step recipe infographic for [carbonara pasta], top-down view, minimal style on white background, ingredient photos labelled: \'93[x] g pasta\'94, and other necessary ingredients (add them yourself), dotted node lines showing process steps with icons (boiling pot, mixing, and others), final plated pasta shot at the bottom.\
\
Create a black and white high-fashion editorial portrait of me, keeping my real face exactly as in the reference photo (no edits, same features, no retouching). I am wearing a loose white blouse. My pose is bold and expressive, with one arm raised to hold my hair up, partially covering my face. My gaze is intense and directed at the camera, creating a strong and enigmatic aura. The background is a plain minimalist wall with sharp natural daylight casting defined shadows, adding depth and contrast. Lighting is harsh and high-contrast, highlighting my facial contours, sharp cheekbones, and the texture of the hair and fabric. The style should feel raw, dramatic, and artistic. The overall image is high-fashion editorial in monochrome, cinematic. make me look striking.}